[MAY, YUI]
Go!
Sword of Judgment! Ha!
Flame! [grunts]
[KUROMU grunts]
Take that!
[DRAG yells]
Don't waste time on
individual monsters!
[YUKIMI, TSUKIMI] Bear!
Bear! Bear! Bear! Bear...!
Do we have to fight these, too?
No, we can bypass them.
Splendid idea.
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
[FREDERICA]
What are we gonna do now?
Just stay airborne until
the event has ended?
I'm afraid that plan won't work.
[SHIN] A lot of the enemies
can also fly.
[MISERY] They could attack
us at any moment.
[RISA] True, so we need
to find a place to stop.
We'll solidify our defense.
Let's hold out here, guys.
Yeah. As long as
we're in this spot,
we should be able
to handle anything.
That's good. Because I'm sure
those monsters are probably
already on their way here.
Guys. Looks like the
map's changed again.
[MII]
It's even smaller than before.
And I have another concern.
Once it's nightfall,
new monsters appear.
I just hope we can hold out here
until the end of the event.
It'll be fine!
I'm sure with all of us
fighting together, we can win!
Yeah!
There's no denying it.
Your confidence is
rather inspiring, Maple.
That's true.
Plus, there's no sense
in overthinking things.
We'll just handle whatever
the game throws at us.
We have to make sure
that we all survive.
[KAEDE] And if anything
happens, I'll protect us!
It's all settled then.
Guess I'll go and set up
some items and traps
around the perimeter.
[KUROMU]
Cool. I'll watch your back.
I'll come, as well.
If any attack, the three
of us can handle them.
Well, I suppose I can set
some traps on the other side.
I'll go, too.
No monsters yet, but who knows?
That's true, they could
launch a surprise attack
from anywhere.
I'll accompany you.
--[IZ] Fay!
--[FAY] Fay!
I guess we finished in time.
Over there!
Sister, it appears
it's finally begun.
Yes. Stronger monsters
have emerged at last.
The final boss of the final day.
Wonder what it's gonna be like.
Do you think we'll be okay, bro?
Well, ain't no point
in sugar-coating.
We'll just have to
try and stay alive.
Precisely!
We shall bloom like
beautiful flowers,
proudly and gallantly!
Whoa, it's another fake Maple!
Its size doesn't even begin to
compare to the other monsters.
Fifty? No. At least
100 meters tall.
[PLAYERS gasp]
[PLAYER A]
There's no way we can beat that!
[PLAYER B]
Just run! It's all we can do!
[PLAYER C]
We don't have to beat it!
If we can just
stay alive, we win!
[PLAYER D] Yeah, if you want my
opinion, we're better off
leaving the insane monsters to
the insane monster players!
[PLAYER E] You think they'll
even try to fight that creature?
[PLAYER A] Dunno! But they're
pretty crazy themselves,
so who knows?
Hey! Up there! Look out!
--Maple!
--On it!
Aegis!
Thanks a lot, Maple.
Sure.
But I dunno if I can save us if
that keeps happening, though.
[GROUP]
We're going to lose our medals!
We have to help!
All the other players will
be killed at this rate!
Uh... You're right.
This isn't like the
guild competition.
Helping the other
players won't hurt us.
It's actually beneficial to us.
The more players
we still have alive,
the more scattered the monster's
various attacks will be.
If this is what our
guildmaster wants,
then the rest of us
have no objections.
[GROUP]
Right!
Uh, right.
Well, if that's the case...
...we'll fight as well.
Remember what I said, boys,
we shall bloom gallantly!
[KUROMU]
All right, so what's the plan?
Just help those other
players make a run for it?
Looks like the field
is still shrinking.
And by the time the event ends,
there'll probably be
nowhere left to run.
[KUROMU] Which means we
gotta do something about
that big boy, huh?
Mmm. Then that's
our primary target.
It's our only choice.
[PAYNE] We need to bring down
the other monster mobs first.
Otherwise, we can't focus
on the bigger one.
Then there's no time to waste.
Flame Emperors, let's get going!
--Yes, ma'am!
--[MISERY] Understood.
[MII]
Ignis! We'll head out first!
Best of luck, everybody!
Order of the Holy
Sword. Move out!
We'll see you soon, Maple.
Right!
So, what should
the rest of us do?
We don't have the
speed for a hit-and-run,
but there is something
we can do.
It's our job to keep that
big boss in one place.
Right.
In the meantime, the other
guilds will get rid of
the smaller ones.
It makes sense to me.
Plus, we're all better
suited to boss fights
than running around.
[KUROMU]
Yeah, sounds good.
Beating that thing and
getting all of the glory
isn't a bad bonus, either.
Well, if just running
away from it won't work,
we might as well go ahead
and lead an offensive attack,
ya think?
Don't forget us!
We'll help, too!
Well, you heard them.
Mm-hmm! 'Kay!
I'm gonna die!
Keep going! We can't give up
when we've gotten this far!
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
[PLAYER F]
It's Maple Tree!
[PLAYER G]
Thank goodness!
[PLAYER H]
Let's run while we can!
[KAEDE]
We'll stick with the plan!
Head down! Quickly!
Turtle!
[KAEDE] Whoa, from this angle
it looks even more massive.
Okay, let's put our
plan into action.
Kasumi, it's all you.
Haku. Let's go!
I bet you that glowing spot
is that thing's weakness.
Let's split up and lower its HP.
Our goal is for all of us to
stay alive until the very end.
If things get too hairy,
we fall back.
[GROUP]
Got it!
Atrocity!
Oboro! Phantom World!
Use Phantom World!
[RISA]
We're counting on you, Maple!
[KAEDE]
I'm on it!
[KUROMU]
Right, stick close to me, girls!
No problem!
[KAEDE]
Don't give up!
Whoa, close one!
Okay, just like we planned!
[GROUP]
Right!
Tsukimi!
[TSUKIMI]
Bear!
Yukimi!
[YUKIMI]
Bear!
Go, Double Strike!
[TSUKIMI, YUKIMI]
Bear!
[KUROMU]
Necro! Strong!
Leave our defense to me!
It's not going anywhere!
Go for it!
Right! Go! Double Impact!
[TSUKIMI, YUKIMI]
Bear!
[KUROMU]
Multi-Cover! Heavy Body!
Kuromu!
[KUROMU]
Don't worry about me!
My regenerative
power is no joke!
I'll protect you as
much as you need!
Thanks for keeping us safe!
Yes! The plan's working.
[KASUMI]
Haku, go!
[HAKU]
Snake!
Arms of the Warrior!
Fourth of Sword! Whirlwind!
Quintuple Slash!
Multi-Firebolt!
Sou!
Nice! It's working!
Yeah. I doubt this is gonna be
the end of the battle, though!
[KAEDE gasps]
I turned back?
Elixir!
Up there. Look!
Go, Flame Body!
Guarding Light!
Thanks a lot, Kanade!
No worries.
There's more where
that came from.
[MAY, YUI]
Are you okay?
No! Stay back!
[KUROMU]
Strong! Multi-Cover!
Go, Flame Body!
High Potion!
Wonder if it's gonna heal
before its next attack.
[KUROMU]
Where are Maple and Sally?
[KASUMI]
They're up there.
Maple!
[KAEDE yells]
Go, Web User!
Hey! You good?
Sally! Yeah.
I thought maybe the
monster would crash land
if I attacked its
wings or something.
Smart idea.
If we can ground it,
then it won't be able
to attack everyone.
Let's go for it, Maple!
Yeah!
Sally!
Thanks for catching me!
Of course, I said I'd
protect you, didn't I?
Get back here!
Web User!
We might actually
be in trouble here.
Cover Move!
[KAEDE]
Sally, you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine!
What about you, any damage?
I think I'm good.
[KAEDE]
Mii! Payne!
[MII]
I'm glad we're not late!
Time for a full-scale attack!
[GROUP]
Right!
Notes, Amplify!
Multi-Firebolt!
Now, Earth! Use Earth Rage!
[DREAD]
Shadow! Shadow Nation!
Holy Spear!
Phalanx!
Split-Sword!
Fay! Entangling Grass!
Double Impact!
Warrior Arms!
Last of Sword! Hazy Moon!
Gravity Cage!
[KUROMU]
Necro! Flames of Death!
Magnificent Rose Rondo!
Let's do this!
'Kay! I'm ready!
Go, Star Lily's Smile!
Prepare to die.
You might dodge
our first attack...
...but you'll never dodge
the second and third!
We are the unstoppable
trio of fighters known as
the blazing brothers!
Jet Stream!
[GROUP yells]
Looks like everyone's safe.
Yay, that's great!
We can't afford to relax yet.
Right!
That thing's not dead yet,
and it has a lot of HP left.
Syrup!
Deploy Armaments!
Holy Dragon Light Blade!
Karmic Fire of Carnage!
Quintuple Slash!
Commence Attack! Hydra!
Syrup! Use your Spirit Cannon!
Turtle!
Maple!
My gauge is red.
This might actually be bad.
Maple!
Just barely enough MP.
Step Toward the Underworld!
Maple!
[RISA yells]
Thanks a lot, Sally!
The rest is up to you,
Guildmaster!
Let's do this.
What is her plan now?
I see. Back me up, Payne!
Sure thing!
[PLAYER I]
Go, Maple!
[PLAYER J]
We're counting on you!
[PLAYER K]
If anyone can do it, it's you!
[PLAYER L] Show 'em what it
means to have maxed-out defense!
[yells]
Here I go!
Knew it!
Do it now, Syrup!
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
[KAEDE]
Devour!
[KAEDE yells]
[RISA]
Maple!
Did it work?
Awesome job! Look!
Oh! Yay!
[GROUP]
Maple!
You guys! You're all okay!
Sally! Medals! Awesome!
We got three medals!
I feel like that was worth
a little more than three,
but whatever. I'll take it.
[DORAZOU] And with that,
the event is officially done!
Great job, everyone.
Yay!
As a bonus, the players
who are still alive
will be awarded
five more medals!
If you have at least
ten medals in total,
you can trade them for any
skill or equipment you want!
I'll see you when
level eight opens!
Good luck out there!
Buh-bye for now!
[laughs]
[ADMIN A]
No. This can't be.
Code Alpha just went down
like any old monster.
I can't believe it.
[ADMIN B]
And it was worth three medals.
All the surviving players
get five medals each.
which means they all
have at least eight!
[ADMIN C] We'll have to
tweak the next level before it
goes live!
The field design, the
strength of the monsters,
the floor boss mechanics.
Everything needs to be improved!
[ADMIN A] This is going
to destroy my schedule.
[SECRETARY]
Get a hold of yourselves!
The participants in the
event are happy, right?
Which means all of your
efforts came to fruition!
You should feel grateful to
be serving in your roles
as admins!
[ADMIN A]
Well, yes.
We know that, but--
[F ADMIN A] Wait, were you
always this passionate?
[SECRETARY]
The players' smiles!
Are those smiles
not our greatest joy?
We will endure any hardship
to make them a reality!
Even if we are beaten
and knocked down,
we will rise again!
You see, the truth is,
that attitude is
the reason I've always
admired you all so much!
[GROUP]
Are you serious?
[ADMIN C] Uh, that's
very flattering, but...
[ADMIN A] Our physical and
mental limits only stretch
so far.
[SECRETARY]
This is the time to stand firm!
Show me what kind of
stuff you're made of!
Embrace every bit of overtime
that comes your way!
I'll even negotiate with
the top brass to increase
your overtime pay!
[GROUP]
Really?
[SECRETARY] I'll ask them to
give you a special bonus, too!
New World Online has
become a massive success,
and it wouldn't have been
possible without your hard work!
I'll also ask them to hire
some additional personnel!
There's a young lady
who works under me
and recently she said
she wanted to work here!
[GROUP chattering]
[ADMIN B] I think you're
all a little too excited.
[SECRETARY] Well, uh, I can't
promise that the top brass
will actually listen to me.
[KAEDE] Wow, we got a lot more
medals than we ever expected!
I wonder what I should
exchange them for this time!
Personally, I think we should
hold off until Level Eight.
Once we see what
kind of level it is,
we can make an
informed decision.
Makes sense!
In that case, there's something
else I'd like to do with you!
Huh?
[KAEDE] Kinda brings back
memories, doesn't it?
We haven't been back in forever.
Hey Sally, remember the very
first time we came here?
[RISA chuckles]
I'm glad you got so hooked.
Still, I'm sure even stronger
monsters and guilds
will be coming along, so we
can't get lazy, Guildmaster.
Mm-hmm. That's right.
I'll keep maxing out my defense
since I don't like getting hurt.
Guess I'll have to
work harder, too.
Don't want a certain someone
to leave me in the dust.
What? I would never leave you!
[RISA]
I dunno, you're pretty famous.
[VELVET] Look, it's Maple and
Sally from the Maple Tree Guild!
Did you see how they
rocked the last event?
They were incredible!
Yes, but that doesn't mean
they are without weaknesses.
It's true they're rather strong.
In the end, they won't
be ready for us.
Man, I can't wait!
I'm especially psyched
to take on Sally!
Hey!
[RISA laughs]
I'm kidding!
They're certainly lively.
Well, can we beat them?
Who knows?
The easiest way
to find out is to try.
But it does seem
like there's a way.